Rewrite Security Section, from sylabs 47 (#16)
edytuk/singularity-userdocs: security.rst

Security in Singularity
***********************

Security Policy
###############

If you suspect you have found a vulnerability in {Singularity} we want
to work with you so that it can be investigated, fixed, and disclosed
in a responsible manner. Please follow the steps in our published
`Security Policy <https://singularity.hpcng.org/security-policy/>`__, which begins
with contacting us privately via singularity‑security@hpcng.org

> HPCng discloses vulnerabilities found in {Singularity} through public

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We disclose vulnerabilities found in {Singularity} through public
```

CVE reports, and notifications on our community channels. We encourage
all users to monitor new releases of {Singularity} for security
information. Security patches are applied to the latest open-source
release.

SingularityPRO is a professionally curated and licensed version of
Singularity that provides added security, stability, and support
beyond that offered by the open source project. Security and bug-fix
patches are backported to select versions of Singularity PRO, so that
they can be deployed long-term where required. PRO users receive
security fixes as detailed in the `Singularity Community Security Policy
<https://singularity.hpcng.org/security-policy/>`__.

> 

Reviewer: Delete this paragraph.

* SIF and other single file container images cannot be mounted
  directly. The container image must be extracted to a directory on
  disk to run. This impact the speed of execution. Workloads accessing
  large numbers of small files (such as python application startup) do
  not benefit from the reduced metadata load on the filesystem an
  image file provides.

* Replacing direct kernel mounts with a FUSE approach is likely to
  cause a significant reduction in perfomance.

* The effectiveness of signing and verifying container images is
  reduced as, when extracted to a directory, modification is possible
  and verification of the image's original signature cannot be
  performed.

* Encryption is not supported. {Singularity} leverages kernel LUKS2
  mounts to run encrypted containers without decrypting their content
  to disk.

* Some sites hold the opinion that vulnerabilities in kernel user
  namespace code could have greater impact than vulnerabilities
  confined to a single piece of setuid software. Therefore they are
  reluctant to enable unprivileged user namespace creation.

Because of the points above, the default mode of operation of

> {Singularity} uses a setuid binary. HPCng aims to reduce the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{Singularity} uses a setuid binary. We aim to reduce the
```
